chore(docs): updated documentation and translation tags for Q&A (#3234)
botpress/botpress: docs/guide/docs/tutorials/contextual-faq.md

}
```

### From version 12.8 onwards

> The list of available contexts come from your bot's existing questions, instead of the qna.json configuration. To create a new context, open or add a Q&A, input the context in the **Contexts** field, then select **+ Create context**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contexts listed in the dropdown menu are sourced from all your existing content (questions & NLU intents). The `qna.json` configuration file is no longer used to provide a list of contexts. To create a new context, open or add a Q&A, input the context in the **Contexts** field, then select **+ Create context**:
```

![Category](assets/faq-qna-new-context.png)

> It needs to remain linked to at least one question, otherwise is it cleared from the context list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a new context this way, you need to save your changes for the context to be persisted. 
```
